[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are talking about weapons
of the SSP with Randy Cramer.
Randy, welcome.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> From what you have seen
from other plants and ET
civilizations, are they more or
less peaceful than what we know
here on Earth?
>> There's just a
variation there.
So you have species who are
better at aggression, better
at war than others.
I mean, aggression
is a genetic trait,
and there are species who
have higher aggression
levels, species who have lower
aggression levels, species
who've evolved out
their aggression levels.
I mean, there's as
many possibilities
as you can think of.
So what we find out there is
there are many species who
are happy to pick up
a weapon and fight,
and there are a lot
of species too that
just aren't that good at it.
So they either would rather
have someone else do it for them
or get their butt kicked because
they're just not good at it.
>> Well, even if they are
peaceful civilizations,
how important is it for them and
their society to actually have
weapons?
>> Exactly.
For some of them, it's
just not that important
until something happens,
and then all of a sudden,
they need it.
They're not expansionist.
They're not trying to
colonize far and wide
into hostile territory.
They're really just concerned
about planetary security.
So mostly, their security
forces keep the peace
but aren't going to
be able to withstand
an invasion or any kind of
hostile military action.
They're just not trained
for it or equipped.
>> As a soldier, tell us some of
the weapons that you employed.
>> My favorite is the railgun,
because it's the most accurate
over the longest distance.
For anyone who's fired
a normal firearm,
imagine a rifle that doesn't
kick and stays straight
and shoots motionless variants--
no kick, no shake,
right out the barrel--
one, two, three,
right after another.
So they're incredibly accurate.
They don't heat up like
a chemically propelled
projectile does.
They're really my favorite.
You've got the greatest, longest
straight shot over a distance.
>> I do have a little bit
of experience with these,
and they are electromagnetic.
>> Right.
>> Maybe you can explain to us
how does that work with that
projectile and how
the charge works.
>> Sure.
So if the barrel
is about this long,
you have a series
of electromagnets
that go along the barrel.
So they're all in the off
position, and the projectile,
which again is a metal magnetic
projectile that goes here--
so the first
electromagnetic is turned on
to create a magnetic field that
holds on to the projectile.
And then the next
magnet in front of it
is turned on at the same time
that the magnet behind it
is turned off.
And that all happens in about
a nanosecond from here to here.
So very, very quickly, as each
subsequent magnet turns on
and the one behind it turns
off, it grabs the projectile
and pulls it down the rail
and then fires it out the end.
But again, it happens
in a nanosecond.
So it just pulls it super
fast straight down the barrel
without an explosion.
And again, so there's
less heat, no kick.
They're fragments.
>> What do they look like?
Do they have rifles and pistols?
What do they look like?
>> To be honest, they look
like a fairly normal rifle--
I mean, a little fancier,
but a main housing,
a stock with a
pistol grip if it's
something you're holding
in your hand with a stock
and a barrel on it.
Some of them have a
pistol grip down here.
That's if the rifle is
not attached to your suit.
One of the more
advanced exosuits
has it mounted on the right arm,
so all you have to do is point.
>> How do you aim with it, then?
Is it just like we
utilize our rifles today?
So it actually has a
laser-guided system
that shows up in your HUD.
So you can hip shoot
very accurately,
because your HUD is
telling you exactly
where your reticle from the
laser pointer on the weapon
are pointing at.
So in some cases,
with the one that
has a full stock
body on it, there's
a scope that you can use,
but it's not required.
If you want to see something
for a long distance
and get a close up
shot, use the scope.
But anything within 100 yards
or so, you can just pull up
your hip shoot, and your
reticle on your heads up display
will show you exactly where
you're going to hit and--
[SHOOTING NOISES] yeah.
>> How many rounds
do these railguns--
the handheld railguns,
I should say, too.
>> Yeah.
Usually, there's an ammo box--
we refer to as a clip even
though it's not a clip--
which usually holds
about 100 rounds.
>> What are the
rounds made out of?
>> It's a metal alloy
that's harder than uranium.
So instead of using a
Sabot round to puncture--
whatever this is made out of,
some really, really tough alloy
that punctures
through most armor.
>> Now, our current military
actually has cannons like this,
correct?
>> Oh, yeah.
The Navy has been
putting railguns
on ships for a few years now.
They had their first destroyer
roll out a few years ago
with railguns on them.
And then I think I
just read that they're
starting to put energy
projected weapons that
can shoot planes and
missiles out of the sky too.
So the Navy ships right now are
being equipped with railguns
and directed energy weapons.
>> Well, tell us more
about these plasma rifles
you've mentioned in the past.
>> So the plasma rifle
takes a super, super hot,
heated ball of plasma, puts it
in a contained electromagnetic
field, and then again, launches
it down a rail that guides it
and sends it out
the end of the gun,
which I'm told that it's several
thousand feet per second.
The range is dependent
on the sustainability
of the electromagnetic field.
So few hundred yards out,
the electromagnetic field
dissipates, and that causes
the plasma ball to dissipate.
But anything within that first
couple yards is going to get
hit with a 5,000-degree hot
ball of plasma that will burn
and melt through
just about anything.
>> Now, on the missions that
you've been on, when would you
choose a plasma
rifle over a railgun?
>> It usually
wouldn't be my choice.
It would be a matter of whether
they felt like the railgun was
going to be the most effective
close-up weapon if we were
going to be in close
quarters combat,
or if we were going to need the
extended range of the railgun,
or if it was going to be
something that was just
going to likely be nothing more
than a couple hundred yards.
It's decided based
on other criteria
that we're not
deciding in the field.
So it's decided by intelligence
personnel and command officers
way before we're ever
put in the field,
and they tell us which
one we're going to carry.
>> Now, what defensive systems
would you have against these
if your opponent had them?
>> There is a personal
shielding that can deflect them.
It's essentially an
electromagnetic shield
that will basically--
like north pole north
pole on a magnet
will cause to deflect a
magnetically contained
ball of hot plasma, as it hits
the shield, will bounce off.
It does the same thing
to a metal projectile,
actually, too.
>> And what device is that
that's on you that allows that
to be eminating?
I'm assuming it's an
electromagnetic toroidal field
around you that
blocks everything.
>> Yeah, it's a shield generator
that's usually in the pack.
The pack is the back
portion of the suit, which
is where the power
system is contained,
the circulation
and any other
systems that aren't
local somewhere in the
suit are all in the pack.
>> You seem to have a lot of
electronics on these suits that
you're talking about.
Is there any risk for
radiation or electromagnetic
pulse from these suits
that could cause your cells
and your DNA to be damaged?
>> They have a really good
radiation shielding on them,
so the radiation would have
to be really, really high.
But yeah, I mean,
electromagnetic pulse
is a risk at that point.
And so it wouldn't be the
first time or the last time
that someone was
wearing an exosuit that
had to jump out of it because
it was no longer operational.
So in the larger suits, we
call the papa bear suit,
flip of a button, and
the thing pops open,
and you can jump
right out of it.
So--
>> During the break, we
got into the exosuits,
and I'd like to talk about
those a little bit more.
I'd like to talk about, number
one, what do they look like?
How do you enter them?
And what's the power
supply for them?
Is that also with the pack?
>> Yeah, yeah, definitely.
I'm not 100% sure what
the power system is other
than over time, I've seen them
change as far as the size.
So a couple decades
early in my career,
the power supply was about
the size of a shoe box.
Towards the end of my
career, the power supplies
were closer to the size
of a pack of cigarettes.
>> And what kind of
power supply is that?
Where's it getting
that energy from?
>> Usually a zero point or an
electron pump of some kind.
So there's something that can
continually pull out joules
pretty much forever until
the system itself is damaged.
But they're small, so you
can't build a bomb out
of them, really.
>> Through your experience
on your missions,
has there ever been a time that
your weapons failed against
an opponent?
>> It's incredibly
rare, incredibly rare.
The failure rate of the
equipment is less than 1%,
and there are very
few situations
that we would encounter--
again, because of our good intel
on what we're going
into, we don't
go into a situation
with equipment
that we have a sense is
not going to work well.
So we have a few variations
in the type of equipment
that we can use to be mission
ready for different defensive
circumstances.
So if we think that
electromagnetic pulse is
an option--
our likely defensive
option, we're not
going to use certain exosuits.
We might use
something different.
>> Were any of those weapons
ineffective during a combat
moment where, oh,
it's not firing?
>> There were a couple of times
when we were engaging with
the indigenous reptoids on Mars.
And we know after
the fact that they
were using psionic
abilities, so it would often
be that we could not
hit them from a distance
or the weapons wouldn't
work at a distance.
And we would have to get
closer and closer and closer,
because they wanted
close-quarters combat.
So we would find the
inconsistent operational rates
at a distance were up and down.
And because they
were inconsistent,
we didn't think it was
mechanical failure or that 1%
of manufacturing defects.
We figured it was
something else.
But it took some time
before we learned
that it was psionic abilities.
>> Once, you have mentioned
to me about the scorpions,
these giant creatures.
What were you using
against them as far
as weapons and protection?
>> Railgun, body armor,
personal shield--
that was about it.
So again, it was
fairly effective,
we were just overwhelmed
by their numbers.
If there were less
of them, I think
we could have handled
them, but when
you're outnumbered 20 to 1,
it starts to get difficult.
>> And these railguns
have an automatic setting?
What kind of settings do
the guns have on them?
>> The weapon itself--
I mean, the single shot,
triburst, full-auto--
I mean, there's that option.
There is also a difference
in the projectile.
So we had air burst ammo,
which is essentially
a projectile that's made up of
many, many little parts that
are held together by this
electromagnetic field,
so then when it flies out of
the barrel, it breaks apart,
and you get a lot of little
projectiles flying out the end.
So--
>> Kind of like a cluster bomb.
>> Yeah, basically like a
little cluster bomb on the end
of a bullet.
So it's way more
powerful than a shotgun.
An air burst that breaks apart
three feet in front of someone
will completely tear
their upper body apart.
>> Like on the planes and the
helicopters where they have
the chaff that shoots
out and discombobulates,
is there weapons and is
there ammo that you can put
in your weapons
to discombobulate
extraterrestrials' sonic
abilities that would distort
them?
>> We did not have any.
We did not have specific weapons
that were for that purpose.
There were drones and
frequency emitters
that the intel teams
would sometimes use,
but that's not something
I'm too familiar with.
>> Were the extraterrestrial
weapons ever just far exceeded
the technology we
had of those weapons?
>> There was this one time when
there was a species that was
using a weapon that--
I don't know how
else to explain it--
if I was to point the
weapon at you and fire it,
it would take all of
the water in your body
and move it to another time.
So it's a temporal weapon
that takes your water out
of your body and moves it
to another part in time.
So all you're left with
is the dry molecules,
so you're instantly
dehydrated and turned to dust.
>> You're instantly just
a couple grams of powder.
>> Yeah.
Poof.
Yeah.
>> Wow.
So that's an
interdimensional weapon, huh?
>> It's a temporal weapon.
>> Temporal weapon.
What's that mean?
>> That means it's using
temporal mechanics--
the mechanics of time--
to operate.
Like I said, it's basically time
traveling the water molecules
in your body to somewhere else.
Which to me, I always think
about the other effect of it.
So somewhere, someone
is standing there,
and all of a sudden there's
your water somewhere,
and then it just
falls to the ground.
I'm like, what was that?
I don't know.
So somewhere, your water ends
up where your body is not,
and your body turns to
dust, and your water
is then without a body.
>> Yeah, I was working on some
projects in New York where they
were utilizing technology just
to remove toxins in the body
and cancers.
And one of the side effects
was people would lose weight
in these Teslatron units.
And the scientists still did
not know, even though it worked,
where that substance was going.
So I was always
thinking, someone
over in Arturis or
something all of a sudden
just got a pound of fat slapped
in their face or something.
And they're like,
all right, we're
going to shut those guys
down over there on Earth.
Just because you're
throwing a bowling ball
through a field
of energy and you
don't know where it's going,
that's a little disrespectful.
>> Yeah, you get a call later
saying, hey, cut that out.
>> Hey, you gotta stop that.
Do we have temporal weapons
today that you know about?
>> As far as I understand,
we're experimenting with them.
I've never used
one in the field,
but we're definitely
experimenting with them.
>> And what about these
frequency modulators that you
talked about?
>> The frequency modulators--
so they modulate frequencies,
which makes them a fairly
universal tool depending
on what you need to disrupt
and/or try and protect.
If you're trying to
protect something
with a field modulation,
it can work for that.
If you're trying to disrupt
another energy frequency,
whether it's psionic or
electronic, electromagnetic,
technological, there
are ways in which
you can use a frequency
modulator that
can make internal
combustion engines not work.
You can send out a
frequency that will
make electric motors not work.
You can use frequency
modulation to heat up
mechanical parts in a gun
so that a gun won't work.
So there's a lot of different
uses for frequency modulation--
more than I could list,
to be honest with you.
>> Now, were the weapons that
the humans used in the SSP,
were they comparable
to the ETs'?
>> I would say, at this point,
we make better stuff than most
of everybody else.
So while there are weapons out
there that far surpass our own,
there are many tools
and weapons out there
that don't compare to
the stuff that we make.
>> Now, were any of these
completely different than
anything you've seen here?
>> Yeah.
I mean, there was actually a
species that had a little--
looked like a little magic wand.
You can barely see it-- a little
metal rod about like that.
And it had, apparently,
three settings.
And it could either--
it was basically a
frequency modulator.
And it either modulate with
the magnesium in your body
or the potassium in
your body or the iodine.
So the magnesium, essentially,
because your magnesium
receptors in your central
nervous system are the relaxing
receptors-- that's a stunner
can knock someone out--
the sodium resonator can
cause incredible pain,
because it's activating all
your central nervous system
receptors.
And apparently, the
iodine frequency
causes your hemoglobin
to start to pop,
and you basically
rupture blood vessels--
>> You hemolize inside of you.
>> Yeah, you basically
blow apart on the inside.
>> Can anyone--
>> As far as I know, we don't
have anything like that.
>> Right, but can a human
use that or only the ET?
>> The weapon itself
is tuned to their DNA.
So I mean, if you pick it up and
it doesn't have the right DNA
to match with the
weapon, you can't use it.
So I couldn't pick up one
of those weapons and use it.
But again, if we
developed one, we could.
But I don't know that we're
using those or developing
those at this time.
>> Are any of the weapons
that you have utilized reverse
engineered from
extraterrestrials?
>> Pretty much all of them,
as far as I understand.
The fundamental basis
of all of our technology
comes from somebody else's
technology originally.
And then, of course, we add our
own creative potential to that
and modify them in ways that
we think are specific to us,
but pretty much every technology
that we have at this point
probably was given to us
by someone else before,
or at least some component of it
was given to us by someone else
before we could
develop it ourselves.
>> Yes, I agree that most
technology that we have
on the planet--
we're just not that smart.
>> Most.
Yeah, most.
>> Now we talked about
these cool weapons,
we talked about utilizing rifles
and plasma rifles and railguns,
but how about hand-to-hand
combat weapons?
Did you ever see any
special knives or swords?
>> Oh yeah.
I mean, we were
certainly trained
in all hand-to-hand
weapons, all melee weapons.
We used to use something
called the personal utility
tool or the putter,
which is basically
a very heavy handle
with a blade on it
that's like a reverse guillotine
blade made out of some alloy.
So you can hit somebody in
the head with it like an ax
or slice off body
parts, and it's
got a spike on the
palm and a spike
on the back of the
top of the head of it.
It's very, very vicious.
>> Sounds very brutal.
>> It's very brutal.
In the hand of an exosuit
with that extra hydraulics
in your muscles, you can take
limbs off, and it's brutal.
Makes a lot of crunching noises.
>> What about chemically
propelled weapons?
>> There are species
that still use them.
We don't typically
use them anymore
because they're just
less effective than all
the other tools we have.
But we've encountered species
who are still using chemically
propelled weapons.
>> Let's talk about the weapons
that you have encountered that
are not human.
>> Probably one of the more
interesting and common weapons
is what we consider a low-grade
plasma gun or plasma weapon,
which is like a lightning gun.
So it shoots a
beam, a plasma beam,
which is like a lightning
bolt, basically,
out of the end of it.
That's actually fairly common.
There are a lot of
species that use them.
Turns out they're really
easy to make and have
a very low failure rate.
>> How do you think ETs know
how our bodies would respond
to the weapons that they make?
You know?
Well, let's talk about
gases, viruses, bacterias.
>> Sure, and probably
the same way that we do,
by testing them on biological
entities that we want to test
that stuff onto.
So if we want to engineer
a virus, or bacteria,
or gaseous substance that's
specific towards a certain
extraterrestrial
biological form,
or if we have some
general knowledge
about general biological
forms and we come up
with a biological species that
matches one of the templates,
then we can start
from there instead
of starting from square one.
But we absolutely
have the ability
to design these tools for
mass, mass, mass combat.
So when we feel like we have
to use mass-extinction weapons,
use weapons of mass
destruction, then we will.
It is a preference
more than anything
else because the
use of these tools
often causes more harm and
more death than you want.
And there are
intergalactic bodies
who can investigate war crimes.
And so we know that if we
handicap ourselves a little bit
and don't do the maximum damage
that we could possibly do--
because we're very
good at that--
that we're going to
be less likely to come
into legal entanglements
later and have
to answer to some sort
of intergalactic tribunal
on war crimes or something
like that as long
as we behave ourselves according
to certain acceptable rules
of engagement.
>> Why are these weapons not
fine-tuned so we don't take out
extra buildings,
extra innocent beings?
It sounds like we should
have that type of technology.
>> Well, sometimes we do.
Sometimes that's an option, but
sometimes it's not an option.
Like I said, shielding around
facilities and buildings
makes it difficult to
use weaponry from ships.
I mean, we have destroyers
that can fire giant particle
beams from space,
and giant missiles
and torpedoes from space,
and quantum bombs and things.
We do have those abilities.
It's just that they're
not always an option,
nor again are they
always preferred.
So it's one of those things
where, probably like we should,
we only use them when
they're really necessary.
We would rather send in
a small group of people
to do something very efficiently
than do something that's kills
off a lot of people.
>> It's based off
of the mission.
>> Pretty much.
>> Each mission is different.
>> Well, and we understand
that, as a warrior species--
because we are.
Our military leaders
have accepted
that among the
intergalactic community
we're a warrior species.
We like conflict,
and we like fighting
more than some other species
do, and we're better at it
than some other species.
So it's understood and
accepted that that's
what we're going to
spend quite a bit of time
doing because that's
what we're good at.
But we also see through
the intergalactic community
that warrior species can end
up with different reputations
depending on how they
go about their business.
And from looking
at other species,
we don't want to have
a bad reputation.
So we believe that
measured responses
make it more clear that
we're not barbarians
when we engage in
military conflict,
that we're not just hitting
people on the head with clubs
and killing as many
people as possible
like thugs and barbarians,
that we're being strategic,
surgical, precise
whenever possible.
>> Do they know
we're from Earth?
Do they know you're from Earth?
>> Sometimes.
Sometimes no.
It really depends.
I mean, if you're another
species on another planet,
and soldiers in exosuits that
are using active camouflage
so they're
essentially invisible,
and you can't see them,
and you don't know what
the technology is, and you're
not sure where they're from,
that's as mysterious
as anything could be.
It might take some time to
figure out, who was that?
What happened?
But if they don't have
any previous experience
or they haven't
heard the rumors,
then they might not
know who it is at first.
>> How does that
camouflage work?
>> Well, there's a few
different methodologies.
The older technology
basically uses
a projector that projects an
image of what's behind you.
So it uses a lot of
little mini-cameras
on 360 degrees on
the suit with a lot
of little mini-projectors.
So these little projecting
cameras and screens
are very, very tiny.
And they're all linked
together so that, essentially,
when someone's looking
at you, they're
seeing what's behind you,
now, not in a perfect way--
pretty good.
We sort of think of it as--
I don't know.
There's probably a franchise
that I can't use by name.
>> Right.
>> But we've all seen the sort
of invisible that you can kind
of see.
So that would be the
older active camouflage.
We have some newer stuff
that if I was wearing that,
I could potentially walk through
the room with people around,
and they wouldn't even know
that I was in the room.
They wouldn't even
be able to see me.
>> So you're bending photons
and light around yourself.
>> Yep, absolutely.
>> Amazing.
>> Yeah, projecting different
light fields so that what
someone is seeing
is not what's there.
>> Right.
How about when you're in
the solar system of these--
visiting on these
contract jobs, and you
do get discovered, your craft?
Now, have ever been attacked
like in craft to craft?
>> You mean like
in space to space?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, yeah, absolutely.
We've gotten to broad
sites, boarding parties.
I mean, yeah, it can happen.
It can get really hairy.
It can totally happen.
>> So you've had firefights
using these weapons
on your craft?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> And how does this not
damage the hull of the craft?
>> Well, I'm not
saying that it doesn't.
Damage control is
damage control.
When you pop holes in the
hull, you fix them later.
You have certain systems
that can engage automatically
to protect from pressure
loss, gaseous loss.
And then you have to go around
and fully repair them later on,
but it happens.
>> Are there any craft that have
defensive shields that block
from anyone
teletransporting on or--
>> Oh, yeah.
>> --block from a
missile coming in?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
The important
thing to understand
about such technology
is, so far, we
have not come to an
understanding of something
that is an ultimate defense
or an ultimate attack.
So you have levels.
We may have a
defense that's here.
So anything that's
attacking here below
will not get past that.
But if something can
be considered here,
well, then that's
overcoming the defense,
and you need your
defense to go up to here.
So there's this constant
process that we're
going through that is every time
we come up against something
that's stronger than what we
came up with before, well,
then we adapt and come up
with better shielding, better
defense technology to
defend against that thing.
So we're in a constant
upgrading process.
>> Do they have special weapons
for on-craft battles that do
not damage the craft?
>> Well, I mean--
>> It only damages
organic material,
like a human or another being?
>> Plasma swords.
I mean, I can't use other
terminology, again, copyrighted
terminology, but essentially,
a sword that's a plasma torch.
That cuts through
organic tissue real well.
And if it's set at
the right temperature,
then it won't do-- it will
only do minor damage when
it hits the hull.
>> What about if you dropped
it, and it hit your leg?
Is there a safety thing on it
that it can't-- you can't hurt
yourself?
>> Oh, no.
You can cut off your
own limbs with them.
It's happened.
>> And when that
happens, do you guys--
what do you do?
You take them to the
med bay and put them
inside that 3D printer?
>> I mean, we-- again, we
use mostly these holographic
regenerators.
So you put someone in a holobed,
and it regenerates the leg,
build them a new leg.
It happens.
It's happened to me.
>> Are the weapons you were
exposed to, can they actually--
is there antidotes?
Can they-- is there something
to heal you from that if you
were--
sustained an injury from them?
>> Ah, not really in the suit.
We have onboard tourniquets.
And, well, and a
plasma torch will
cauterize the wound itself.
That's pretty handy.
But there is
nothing in this suit
that would repair
cutting something off
with a heated plasma torch.
It's just going to--
bye, tissue.
Bye-bye.
And you've got to regenerate
it, make some new stuff.
>> If we used a plasma
weapon on each other,
do we have something to
regenerate that wound?
>> Absolutely.
We can fix anything.
We have the technology
that can literally
fix anything, any
amount of damage,
any amount of percentage of
body-tissue damage anywhere.
>> Is that the
holographic beds--
>> Yes.
>> --you speak of?
>> Yep.
That's at least the
quickest, most efficient
that I've ever used.
>> When is humanity
going to see these beds?
>> Well, that's a good question.
I do have a chief
engineer and a CFO.
And we have put
together a small startup
to get the funding
to begin the process,
to do the research
and development,
to build the components,
to replicate terrestrial
technology in the
civilian world.
We think from starting
point to prototype
is three to five years.
There is some conversation
I've heard other people talking
about, some of
these technologies
or similar technologies that
are going to come out next year.
I don't think that's happening.
But we would think
that with the funding
that we're going
to get-- and this
is something we've been
working on for years,
and my CFO has been giving
me a lot of confidence
that we should have our
startup funding sometime
this year so we can
begin the process soon.
So I'd like to think a prototype
in three to five years.
I'd like to think a
commercial product within 10.
Those are conservative
estimates.
As Buckminster Fuller said, if
you want to change something--
I'm going to paraphrase
here-- if you
want to change the world, if you
want to make something better,
you don't just say,
let's do it this way.
You create a better option.
You create a better method.
You create a better
tool and then wait
for the rest of the world
to adapt and pick up.
Because if you make something
that's more cost-effective
and works better than any
other technology that you have,
well, the marketplace is
going to eventually want that.
So if you lost your arm,
it would be cheaper for me
to put you in a holobed
and regrow your arm
than it would be actually
to design a custom
prosthetic for you.
It would actually be cheaper.
So once you demonstrate that
you have something better,
that it's more cost-effective,
that it's more efficient,
people will just
eventually switch.
So we think that
there-- we don't--
not saying there's not going to
be some uphill struggle there.
But we think, in
the end, the tool
itself wins because it's
better than the other tools
that we have.
>> Oh, I 100% agree.
And I've, of course, experienced
that with a lot of my devices
that I have invented that I
was shunned for for years.
>> Right.
>> But once they saw that
it worked and you make it
cost-effective--
so I think you're on a
great trajectory for that.
>> Thank you.
>> Do you see humankind and
our allies moving more towards
peace?
Or is it just getting ready
for some sort of perpetual war?
>> Well, I can tell you what
the goal of the military at this
time is.
The military understands
that without conflict, they
have no purpose,
which has been part
of the problem for
the last 100 years
that we have to keep things
going, keep conflicts going.
Because if we
don't, then they'll
just cease to exist and go away,
and that's not what we want.
>> And there's money to be made.
But we also are seeing
the long-term benefits
of having a strong defense and
that to have a strong defense,
you have to keep going,
and going, and going.
Now, what we'd like
to see though is
we would like to see
military conflict
on planet Earth come to zero.
We'd like that.
We would like to see that
human beings on planet Earth
no longer fight, kill, use
weapons of destruction and mass
destruction against each
other to solve conflicts.
We would like to take all
of our military technology
and focus it outside.
We think if we're focusing
it outside of our own planet,
then we don't have to
live that way here.
We can take that
perpetual necessity away
from the planetary function,
and we can move it outward.
Because let's just be honest.
Now that we're in the
intergalactic community,
the potential of military
threats are near limitless.
The potential of
military threats
that are stronger and
more capable than what
we can do currently today
are near limitless as we
go farther and farther out.
So the need to continue
to develop a strong space
military force is going to be
necessary for the next 10,000
years.
So that's just the way it is.
I mean, some people want to
call that "perpetual war."
I don't.
I call that
"perpetual necessity."
>> Do you feel more pessimistic
or optimistic about where
humanity is going?
>> Both.
I think that we are
currently moving
toward some things that
are going to get worse
before they get better.
But the arc towards improvement
I think is well planned out.
So these aren't surprises
that are coming up.
We're like, oh, what do we do?
These are knowns that we know
are sort of inevitably coming.
The bill is coming due.
>> Just a matter of time.
>> Yeah, the bill is
coming due on some things.
And we know there's going to
be some changes with that,
and we think that
there's going to be
some moments in both domestic
and international conflict
which is going to increase
before it gets better.
But we are also looking at a
trajectory where in the next--
I'm going to go on a limb.
And I'll say, in
the next decade,
the goal is to get
past all of that
and stop fighting
amongst ourselves.
So fingers crossed that it
actually works out that way.
But I think we're-- it's going
to get a little uglier first.
But I think we have a
plan and a trajectory
to make it all work out so that
there's rainbows, and sunshine,
and puppies for everybody.
>> Randy, do you believe of any
benevolent ETs out there that
can actually affect
us spiritually?
>> Oh, yeah.
Absolutely, sure.
If I'm just to go by the reports
that we are hearing, I mean,
hundreds, hundreds
of species who
seem to be directly involved
in human terrestrial, spiritual
evolution and the spiritual
evolution of other species,
like that's what
they do all day long.
>> Where are they?
>> Most of them are either
operating out of phase
or in multidimensional,
interdimensional places
because it's safer for
them to work that way.
And that way, what
they really want to do
is work person to person.
These are the species
who would rather
identify an individual or
a number of individuals
and work with them one
on one than try and, say,
mass communicate or
mass educate people.
So by not engaging
necessarily with us
in a physical,
biological manner,
they can accomplish that
task much more easily
without scaring people,
or freaking people out,
or endangering themselves or
others by being physically
present with us.
So that's where the majority
of them seem to operate.
>> So these are benevolent
ETs that don't need weapons.
>> They have evolved to a place
where their ability to defend
themselves is such
that they don't.
There are species
who have evolved
to a place where if a fleet
of 10,000 destroyer ships
came to their planet, they would
just shift their planet out
of phase so that
those ships wouldn't
be able to affect them.
There's some pretty
advanced defenses
that once you achieve
that level, yeah,
you don't need a military so
much anymore because you're not
fighting force on force,
numbers on numbers.
You just have the
ability to say, well,
I'm going to just make it so you
can't touch my planet, period.
>> And that's just phasing in
and out of different dimensions
and reality, a whole planet?
>> Yep, yep, whole planet.
>> Have you seen this phasing
in and out of a defense system
that protects an entire planet?
And is that something
we're going to have?
>> I haven't seen it,
a whole planet do it.
I've heard about it
and read the reports.
I've seen a space station do it.
I've seen an entire space
station blink out of phase
so that it can't be attacked.
>> Are you talking about a moon
space station or a small space
station?
>> Like a big, floating
space station in space.
That would be the equivalent of
as big or bigger than Manhattan
or something like
that, pretty big.
>> And for the audience,
how does that scientifically
happen?
>> The molecules in your
body have a quantum frequency
to them that tells you what
dimension or frequency that
you're in, what
timespace you live in.
So if you have a
field that can alter
the frequency of every
molecule in an object,
you can shift that object
to any other phase.
And this is a very finely
tuned sort of modulation.
So you can tune yourself
to a coded frequency
that someone else is like, well,
we know they're out of phase,
but we can't figure out what
their exact frequency is,
so we can't exactly interact
with them physically.
Then it makes it a process of
the enemy trying to figure out
what the actual frequency is.
And there are species who have
such advanced systems that they
can rotate that
frequency very quickly.
And if you have a species
with the technology that can
rotate that quantum signature--
oh, I don't know--
every half a second,
that makes it almost
impossible to figure out
what the frequency is.
>> I explain that sometimes
to my students, like a TV set,
and on channel 1, you're here.
And channel 2, you're
somewhere else.
>> Right.
>> However, is there a species
out there that can track me
to channel 2?
>> Yes, yeah.
But those species tend to
be more advanced and not
militaristic.
So there's a lot of
things we don't bother
defending against at this point
because the people who have it
aren't going to
attack us with it.
So we're not worried about
those things so much yet.
>> And what do you think
about the universe,
this universe and this dimension
as itself, as a frequency,
and can it also shift?
>> From what I have been told as
far as I understand the physics
of that, in theory, yes.
I don't know that it has or
if someone has the ability
to do that.
But in the same way that
Nikola Tesla theorized
if you created a vibration
against the planet,
you could shake the
whole planet apart;
if you had a lever
big enough, you
could move the whole planet;
these are theoretical things
that, in theory, they
should be correct.
So in theory, that
should be correct,
but I don't know anyone who's
ever tested it to prove it.
>> Randy, thank you so much
for coming on the show.
That was fascinating
information.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]